Tweak configuration of JsonSerializerOptions (#49875)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Http/Http.Extensions/test/RequestDelegateGenerator/Baselines/HandlesEndpointsWithAndWithoutDiagnostics.generated.txt

                var handler = Cast(del, global::System.String () => throw null!);
                EndpointFilterDelegate? filteredInvocation = null;
                var serviceProvider = options.ServiceProvider ?? options.EndpointBuilder.ApplicationServices;

>                 var jsonOptions = serviceProvider?.GetService<IOptions<JsonOptions>>()?.Value ?? FallbackJsonOptions;
>                 var jsonSerializerOptions = jsonOptions.SerializerOptions;
>                 jsonSerializerOptions.TypeInfoResolver ??= JsonTypeInfoResolver.Combine();

Reviewer: Assuming the singleton is fully configured, couldn't this be written without any mutations as follows?
```suggestion
                var jsonSerializerOptions = serviceProvider?.GetService<IOptions<JsonOptions>>()?.Value?.SerializerOptions;
                if (jsonSerializerOptions is null or { TypeInfoResolver: null })
                {
                     // FallbackJsonOptions configured with the empty resolver.
                     jsonSerializerOptions = FallbackJsonOptions.Value.SerializerOptions;
                }
```

Reviewer 2: Note that `JsonOptions FallbackJsonOptions = new();` does NOT have an empty resolver when `JsonSerializer.IsReflectionEnabledByDefault == false`.

Author: That would be great...wouldn't we run the risk of overriding scenarios where the user set the serializer options without an explicit type info resolver but other properties set?

```
builder.Services.ConfigureHttpJsonOptions(o => o.SerializerOptions.AllowTrailingCommas = true);
```

Author: > Note that JsonOptions FallbackJsonOptions = new(); does NOT have an empty resolver when JsonSerializer.IsReflectionEnabledByDefault == false.

Correct! One implication that this has for our tests is the fact that our RDG tests are implicitly using the reflection-based type resolver for scenarios where we don't define `JsonOptions`. I realized this after trying to initialize a JsonSerializerOptions from generated code and discovering the implications of _not_ using the one defined in `JsonOptions`.

Reviewer 3: > Note that `JsonOptions FallbackJsonOptions = new();` does NOT have an empty resolver when `JsonSerializer.IsReflectionEnabledByDefault == false`.

That's true for `JsonOptions FallbackJsonOptions = new();`, but that's not necessarily true for `serviceProvider?.GetService<IOptions<JsonOptions>>()?.Value`.

Someone could call `JsonOptions.SerializerOptions.TypeInfoResolver = null`, but I see we've added a test for this. Now that we no longer assign to `JsonOptions.SerializerOptions.TypeInfoResolver` when its null like the code originally referenced in this comment, I think we're fine.
